what's going on guys welcome back to kV
and NBA 2k13 here with kb's my player
still playing for the Dallas Mavericks
starting at small forward even though I
am a shooting guard as you can see
shooting is my middle name in this game
you're gonna see me just go off as far
as hit that outside jumper for whatever
reason I was just feeling at all game
everything seemed to be fallen every
single shot that I would take on that
every single one but you know what I
mean like you get into those games
sometimes where it just feels like
everything you throw up is gonna go in i
was getting space i was making space
like this getting double teams but still
able to make space get stuffed at the
line or in the box but uh i was able to
finish there and get the Antoine attempt
here and kb's not the greatest
free-throw shooter but he is able to
come through here in the clutch get the
n1 so good good start for kb but like i
said every once in a while you get into
one of these games like this where it
just seems like everything you do just
works out the way it's supposed to
defensively is another story and show
much of that but offensively I just felt
like especially the second half I just
feel like I getting like a rhythm where
everything seems to be falling I get on
fire a couple times just pretty awesome
but I'm gonna try to live stream some of
this tonight and a lot of you guys like
the NBA 2k stop specially when I last
name it so I'm gonna definitely try to
play that tonight around eight pm
eastern same time as I usually do for my
baseball weeds and then tomorrow night
we'll be doing Road to the show with kb
livestream at 8pm so it's two nights of
live stream two nights in a row hope you
guys are excited for that you can see
they go to double-team the point guard
he kicks it out to me easy open three
right there and again that one not the
greatest shot but able to finish here I
get open on the corner boom wide open
gonna nail that every time
so just my outside jumper was just
working like no one's business you can
see just continuing to rain threes and I
figured hey this is all these are
falling for me we're we're battling from
behind right now I'm gonna try to put
the team on my shoulder and just
continue to shoot those three-pointers
and there had them faked I probably
could have went for another three there
but step inside getting easy two points
here wide open for three good take that
all day and he makes it so really
working my outside shot and his any guys
that know that watch me live streaming
this know that my inside game starts to
come around here pretty soon but uh
right now really relying on that jump
shot that's what my guy was made for was
the outside shooting so definitely using
that to my advantage right now Dallas
able to come back and take the lead in
kv with another three player so up for
the five point lead with three minutes
to go what Oklahoma City's roared back
with the one-point lead kv goes inside
gets a dunk reverse dunk not much power
on that one but enough to get it down
and Dallas able to take the lead here
but Oklahoma City comes back takes the
lead but kb puts dallas with into after
he scores 50 points but dallas just not
able to do anything there we lose the
game and a back-and-forth game all day
not nothing to do with kb though with
this 51 points a career-high for kv but
unfortunately we do lose and i have a
feeling we're gonna see these guys again
be in the Oklahoma City Thunder they're
usually pretty good so let's go to that
press conference see what key B has to
say
great game out there tonight you say
your career high in points was this just
a one time outburst or do you see
yourself scoring like this on a regular
basis
you
believe me this is a conversation we're
going to be having several more times in
the future I may have got my career high
tonight but that's just for tonight I'm
getting better every day so don't be
surprised if I taught that mark next
game and the game after that and the
game after that I feel like the sky's
the limit for me you know
s'okay be talking about his 50 point
game having a career high in points that
game obviously 51 points is going to be
a career high for most players in the
NBA and he gets surprised by a new
billboard that the Dallas Mavericks puts
out come fly with us billboard the kb in
mid-flight ready to dunk it on someone's
face sweet billboard by dallas mavericks
and can't be very excited to be part of
this organization right now obviously
the Dallas Mavericks are getting older
and older and kb's the new young blood
on the team but feels like he can take
this team over and bring them to uh to
bigger and better things so hopefully
that will continue and as we've read
some Twitter get some nice feedback from
the guys but uh like I said livestream
NBA 2k13 tonight around eight pm eastern
and live streaming road to the show on
wednesday around eight pm eastern so i
will catch you guys tonight talk to you
soon peace